Ah
The cover cover is 0.
Ahh ah ah
Heavenly
60 years of fermentation
Saffame soy sauce
Hi Sampyeon It is a dish that came to the inside of Myung Sook
The centurion special feature Daejanggang 10 I know how to send dew Today is social
I 'll make delicious.
U
You
To create a small element seasoned Can you do it now,
Chopped garlic
Yes Compilation Pop
4 60 co then
Oh, I'm so who salt the liver, then the points so the cotton baked minerals
Let's get ready for salt salt.
Oh well, I will continue to taste 41 Potion huh follow the amount
I want to keep it so healthy and keep pushing.
U
True path
But when you take the soy sauce and season it with salt,
It's wrong. You know, there's a point in the original Suwon ribs and salt.
Every four provinces that chicken meat marinated addition to the clean word in the country
I'm going now
So I chopped the beef with rush
4 5 Have this spice, mix well and put it on for 30 minutes .
Well, it's a good mix of crazy and delicious. I can nurture it.
Now I 've spun well for 30 minutes, but now I'm good at it.
So now obtained getneyo Bo Put one small company methods before it is too late now well
This simplified the head of Ben meat medium rigid structure 2
So what is it that you take a little salt in salt?
There is no need to open two spheres.
So I understand 3 especially
It is the third of the sea .
Very good food.
Oh great party companies go monaji power Ping recalled
So that big is thus sown so I can be right now that
The doeguyo sasyeo also happened to stand ready for market yet floss a lot of trouble
In the treatment room
Usually I buy this dried rice in an envelope,
I do.
So it is true that called me introduce one do so much more pyeonhasil
Please put flour.
It is now No. 2 is that the meat is put in a small drink good comes without falling into a well
So I'll have to keep putting
But you can do it like this
So you can put it in a very constant way.
I think it will Hashim liver, I put a little more sugar into your hands
Yes.
I know.
I cut it to the same size 3
4 c put too fine to do so
It's a bitch.
Oh yeah
Example 5
So constantly by clicking on the news now again 1 high temperature here
Ah
I've got a difference in the meaning
The muchi'll have a good look now where to get dressed Now the cow is out
You do not come out.
But this wisdom 3, etc. Another part of this section looks delicious and is no flour
It's much better to be struck.
It looks delicious to be finished and leaves a little color that the food
It's a very artistic design for your enemy . Yeah, I'm crazy.
Evenly, the Buddha posted a honey ticket.
If the fans get too much water to beat me
The sauce a little fitness Cause it's a messy week
Here thus a special indemnity c uncle smaller beads
Today aggregates've made delicious maritime ago
U
Oven cooking yimyeongsuk together with the Sempio earn back from the lip 194 Sempio
You can see
Oh , this way.
U
Ah ah ah ah